a refuge or a hell as Clint Eastwood
wounded Yankee is brought to an
all-girls school to become the prisoner
of these man deprived women these man
eager girls you must be tired
wouldn't you like a chance to go to your
closet I might sponge Parsi him you
wouldn't you are not our guest you give
any ideas of trying to amuse yourself
with any of the ladies Fitness no
interest a move on that road so fast
don't know what happened to you
[Music]
consider the possibilities
is he a helpless victim to be threatened
teased enticed loved at their will and
pleasure what do you want I love you
or is your man aggressive wooing
demanding almost love to stay alive I
[Applause]
take your brother's place but I must
warn you will always be easy to act like
a brother
[Music]
Clint Eastwood man the symbol the sexual
enemy I'm gonna have the run of this
place one is that I'm gonna be with a
young lady
that desires my company Geraldine page
possessive vindictive because I didn't
go to your bed Elizabeth Hartman her
passion latent and violent
[Music]
the tensions the jealousies the
conflicts of sexual confrontations rare
even for today
you